Replace academy links with ComHub LP links (#2386)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/storefront/controllers/add-custom-controller.md

::: info
Refer to this video on **[Common Storefront controller tasks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eXXNh4cQG0)** explaining the basics about Storefront controllers.

> Available also on our free online training ["Shopware 6 Backend Development"](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/path/shopware-backend-development-intermediate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For current Academy learning content on connecting a Storefront controller with routes, service registration, and Twig template output, see **[Storefront Controller: Routes, Services, and Template](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/unit/storefront-controller-routes-services-and-template)** in the free **Shopware Backend Development Essentials** learning path.
```
